Notes

## assef_flexible_2015.pdf

Due to the interest of scientific research in such
areas for, e.g., transmission or reception of US, aperture
control, focusing, apodization, beamforming, and
other general digital signal and imaging processing,
some research groups and laboratories have proposed
innovative approaches to the challenges in US image
formation (Boni et al., 2012; Qiu et al., 2010). Other
imaging researchers have met their demand for data
access by purchasing a multi-purpose US system with
available research interfaces or by working with a
manufacturer to make custom hardware modifications
for acquisition and transfer of the ultrasonic RF data.



Dusa Chandrashekar, P. Rajalakshmi, Suresh Puli, U. B. Desai, and S.
N. Merchant. “Low complex, programmable FPGA based 8-channel
ultrasound transmitter for medical imaging researches.



## bharath_novel_2016.pdf

Volume generated

Knowing the potentiality of addressing the problem, few
patents conceptualizing the wireless ultrasound transducer are
filed [4]–[6]. The ultrasound transducers will generate large
volumes of data, which depends on parameters like sampling
rate, ADC resolution, number of scan lines, number of chan-
nels and data acquisition time (depends on depth of scan). The
medical ultrasound transducers operate in the frequency range
2 to 20 MHZ, and is typically sampled at 40 MHz frequency.
Suppose if we are using 8 channel transducer, then the data
generated from transducer will be:
Data generated = N ∗ F s ∗ R ∗ D ∗ S ∗ F
= 8 ∗ 40 × 10 6 ∗ 14 ∗ 65 × 10 −6 ∗ 50 ∗ 24
= 349.44M bps

N : number of channels (8), F s : sampling frequency
40 MHz), R: Analog to Digital Converter (ADC) resolution
(14 bit), D: round trip time took by ultrasound wave to reach
scanning depth (for 5 cm depth, D = 2*distance/velocity of
sound ), S: number of scan lines captured to form an image
(50) and F : Frame rate (24). Here, data rate is generated by
considering 8 channels and 5 cm depth.



H. Y. Tang et al., “Miniaturizing Ultrasonic System for Portable Health
Care and Fitness," in IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Circuits and
Systems, vol. 9, no. 6, pp. 767-776, Dec. 2015




## di_ianni_system-level_2016


di_ianni_system-level_2016 proposes a review of existing AFEs .. but also a great review of the considerations to be undertaken while designing such a probe.

J. T. Ylitalo and H. Ermert, “Ultrasound synthetic aperture imaging:
Monostatic approach,” IEEE Trans. Ultrason., Ferroelec., Freq. Contr.,
vol. 41, pp. 333–339, 1994.
[15] M. Karaman, P. C. Li, and M. O’Donnell, “Synthetic aperture imaging
for small scale systems,” IEEE Trans. Ultrason., Ferroelec., Freq. Contr.,
vol. 42, pp. 429–442, 1995

M. H. Bae and M. K. Jeong, “A study of synthetic-aperture imaging
with virtual source elements in B-mode ultrasound imaging systems,”
in IEEE Trans. Ultrason., Ferroelec., Freq. Contr., vol. 47, 2000, pp.
1510–1519.
M. C. Hemmsen, T. Kjeldsen, L. Lassen, C. Kjær, B. Tomov,
J. Mosegaard, and J. A. Jensen, “Implementation of synthetic aperture
imaging on a hand-held device,” in Proc. IEEE Ultrason. Symp., 2014,
pp. 2177–2180.
[11] M. C. Hemmsen, L. Lassen, T. Kjeldsen, J. Mosegaard, and J. A. Jensen,
“Implementation of real-time duplex synthetic aperture ultrasonogra-
phy,” in Proc. IEEE Ultrason. Symp., 2015, pp. 1–4.


## lee_new_2014

Probe like design 
@todo ask for HV osurce


## peyton

ADM7155
@todo ask for HV osurce

## dusa_low_2014.pdf

Chiang, A.M.; Chang, P.P.; Broadstone, S.R., ”PC-based ultrasound
imaging system in a probe,” Ultrasonics Symposium, 2000 IEEE ,
vol.2, no., pp.1255,1260 vol.2, Oct 2000.
[2] Bassi, L.; Boni, E.; Cellai, A.; Dallai, A.; Guidi, F.; Ricci, S.;
Tortoli, P., ”A Novel Digital Ultrasound System for Experimental
Research Activities,”
